com/horcrux/svg/DefinitionView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.DefinitionView
com/horcrux/svg/RenderableView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableView
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableView$1
com/horcrux/svg/ViewBox.java
 com.horcrux.svg.ViewBox
com/horcrux/svg/MaskView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.MaskView
com/horcrux/svg/FontData.java
 com.horcrux.svg.FontData
 com.horcrux.svg.FontData$AbsoluteFontWeight
com/horcrux/svg/ImageView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.ImageView
 com.horcrux.svg.ImageView$1
com/horcrux/svg/SvgView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgView
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgView$Events
com/horcrux/svg/TextView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.TextView
com/horcrux/svg/TextPathView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.TextPathView
com/horcrux/svg/PropHelper.java
 com.horcrux.svg.PropHelper
 com.horcrux.svg.PropHelper$1
com/horcrux/svg/Brush.java
 com.horcrux.svg.Brush
 com.horcrux.svg.Brush$BrushType
 com.horcrux.svg.Brush$BrushUnits
com/horcrux/svg/RNSVGRenderableManager.java
 com.horcrux.svg.RNSVGRenderableManager
com/horcrux/svg/TSpanView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.TSpanView
 com.horcrux.svg.TSpanView$1
com/horcrux/svg/VirtualView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.VirtualView
 com.horcrux.svg.VirtualView$1
com/horcrux/svg/TextProperties.java
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$AlignmentBaseline
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$Direction
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$FontStyle
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$FontVariantLigatures
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$FontWeight
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$TextAnchor
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$TextDecoration
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$TextLengthAdjust
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$TextPathMethod
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$TextPathMidLine
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$TextPathSide
 com.horcrux.svg.TextProperties$TextPathSpacing
com/horcrux/svg/RadialGradientView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.RadialGradientView
com/horcrux/svg/SvgViewModule.java
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgViewModule
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgViewModule$1
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgViewModule$1$1
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgViewModule$1$1$1
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgViewModule$1$2
com/horcrux/svg/GlyphContext.java
 com.horcrux.svg.GlyphContext
com/horcrux/svg/DefsView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.DefsView
com/horcrux/svg/PathView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.PathView
com/horcrux/svg/PathParser.java
 com.horcrux.svg.PathElement
 com.horcrux.svg.PathParser
com/horcrux/svg/EllipseView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.EllipseView
com/horcrux/svg/SvgPackage.java
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgPackage
com/horcrux/svg/PatternView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.PatternView
com/horcrux/svg/RNSVGMarkerPosition.java
 com.horcrux.svg.ElementType
 com.horcrux.svg.Point
 com.horcrux.svg.RNSVGMarkerPosition
 com.horcrux.svg.RNSVGMarkerPosition$1
 com.horcrux.svg.RNSVGMarkerType
 com.horcrux.svg.SegmentData
com/horcrux/svg/CircleView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.CircleView
com/horcrux/svg/RenderableViewManager.java
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$1
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$2
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$CircleViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$ClipPathViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$DefsViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$EllipseViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$ForeignObjectManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$GroupViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$ImageViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$LineViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$LinearGradientManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$MarkerManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$MaskManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$MatrixDecompositionContext
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$PathViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$PatternManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$RadialGradientManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$RectViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$RenderableShadowNode
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$SVGClass
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$SymbolManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$TSpanViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$TextPathViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$TextViewManager
 com.horcrux.svg.RenderableViewManager$UseViewManager
com/horcrux/svg/LineView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.LineView
com/horcrux/svg/GroupView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.GroupView
com/horcrux/svg/LinearGradientView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.LinearGradientView
com/horcrux/svg/RectView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.RectView
com/horcrux/svg/ClipPathView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.ClipPathView
com/horcrux/svg/SvgViewManager.java
 com.horcrux.svg.SvgViewManager
com/horcrux/svg/TextLayoutAlgorithm.java
 com.horcrux.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm
 com.horcrux.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$1
 com.horcrux.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$1CharacterPositioningResolver
 com.horcrux.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$1TextLengthResolver
 com.horcrux.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$CharacterInformation
 com.horcrux.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$LayoutInput
com/horcrux/svg/SVGLength.java
 com.horcrux.svg.SVGLength
 com.horcrux.svg.SVGLength$1
 com.horcrux.svg.SVGLength$UnitType
com/horcrux/svg/UseView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.UseView
com/horcrux/svg/ForeignObjectView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.ForeignObjectView
com/horcrux/svg/MarkerView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.MarkerView
com/horcrux/svg/GlyphPathBag.java
 com.horcrux.svg.GlyphPathBag
com/horcrux/svg/BuildConfig.java
 com.horcrux.svg.BuildConfig
com/horcrux/svg/SymbolView.java
 com.horcrux.svg.SymbolView
